Flex Pricing (publish March 5) (#3659)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/manage/partitions-data-tiers/data-tiers-faqs.md

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

> For information about selecting the data tier for your use case, features of each tier, and the differences among tiers, see [Data Tiers](data-tiers.md).

Author: ```suggestion
This page answers frequently asked questions about Data Tiers. For information about each data tier and selecting the right one for your use case, see [Data Tiers](data-tiers.md).
```
